Phew, that was good, that one goes to you Uncle!
Woah! How did you do that? You're pretty good at this!
Who is there? Why are you here at this hour?
I just really like cars and I happen to like to hang out here!
Wait...Is that car you're driving...Jay Nardo's? How can you be driving his car?
What...What? How do you know that?
Of course I would recognize it, it's the famous car of Jay Nardo! I see it very often in my family's repair shop!
Well, it's a long story...Jay is actually my uncle, and he recently passed away...
Before he died, his final wish was for me to take the car on rides, so here I am, taking her for a spin.
I see, that makes sense then...
I was a big fan of his, and I couldn't believe it when I saw the news, I am so sorry for your lost.
He wanted to go off with a bang and passed on his car to me. He may no longer be with us, but he'll live in our hearts.
Nice to meet you, by the way, my name is Anthony. I just recently started to drive, so I may be a little rough.
My name is Jenny, and no, you are doing amazing if you're a newbie, I will be rooting for you!
I may not look like it, but I actually help out at my parents' mechanic shop!
Since you're my favorite racer's nephew, I will personally give you free tune-ups if you come to visit us!
No way, I can't accept that offer, that's too generous of you.
Well you see, Jay and my family go way back, he was a regular at our place!
In fact, thanks to him, we were able to gain traction with the local newspaper and he helped us a lot!
Ah okay then...Thank you so much, I will definitely keep that in mind.
I am so new at all this, I won't know how to take care of her properly.
I will make sure your car runs as good as new! Just give me a call whenever.
Wait...What happened to your blinkers? It isn't safe to drive around like that!
What do you mean? Is there anything wrong?
You gotta change your blinker fluid! They don't grow as bright when you don't replace them once a year!
Blinker fluids are NOT REAL and are purely fictional
Oh no that's not good, what can I do?
Our shop is just around the corner, you should swing by and drop off your car.
In the meantime, you could use my dad's car and test with different specs, if you don't mind
That'd be awesome, and I'll pick it up next week then.
The two brought the car to the shop, and Jenny handed Anthony the other car key.
Don't crash it okay? My dad will be very angry!
Hm I hope so.
Anthony heads home, it is very late and it's dark
Phew, that was an exhausting day.
Let's go to bed now, goodnight everyone.
Let's hope I don't get any weird dreams.